Allow any LeapProvider in the scene to be used with MRTK subsystem (#1535)
ultraleap/UnityPlugin: Packages/Tracking/CHANGELOG.md

- 

### Changed

> - Allow use of any LeapProvider with the MRTK subsystem where before only LeapXRServierProvider could be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow use of any LeapServiceProvider with the MRTK subsystem where before only LeapXRServiceProvider could be used.
```
